so this time we will study in the budget
on means independently bring in
body order you no one will help us all
also the legendary South Korean abra
kangaroo cosmetics and in order to all
how it should be shone 1 class pleased us
need naturally pre
washing out and car cleaner tar
by peach
profoam 2000 universal cleaner
blacken or rubber me their shiner and
one of two of such polishes
knot what the difference between them will explain
when it's time but for now
I propose to watch avtomonov check the throne and
all sorts of pollution here to go far
do not need a favorite place
of all the tars in the world though the wings and
board the car to deal with this
black road dirty trick will help us
card cleaner
special tool that is fast and not
harming paintwork
completely dissolve the stuck tar
by the way and in the fight against insects won also
have to
but
Here's another thing by the way for the tart feature
I have no planned experiment on
regular shooting accidentally soiled
try your favorite white master
mashenka and were clean
sorted out redeem drives remember in
last time I was told about super
universal cleaner pro can and
thousands
this time without him is also not particularly
difficult places we clean with a brush do it
without damaging the coating
wash with plenty of water and dry
to wipe
to complete the overall look of the composition
add extra shine to the wheel
we will process tires polish them
Shiner Apply the agent throughout
tire circumference from a distance of 10
centimeters from the surface wait 5
minutes the agent is completely dissolved and
will give tires and deep black color
another important stage of protecting the body from
aging polished there are two ways
either a liquid polishing head kc either
solid guest difference between them is
that the liquid is easier to apply it can
applied even on wet but the shells
and the effect does not last so long
solid polish require more
thorough preparation of time and effort
accordingly lasts longer
so how do you choose to resort to the old
good method shishal-mouse
in flash very much
normal heroes always go round and round
that which is the way it should be
wipe and still handle the body
exploded so much easier for the psyche and right
in terms of instruction and remember neither
In no case do not apply polish on
heavily heated surface is dangerous
so here with a small set
special means kangaroo and labor hours
we saved a budget and got decent
the result we understand that
putting enamel wax is only quick and
easy way to force a car
weave full polishing elimination
scratching and restoring response requires
much more time and effort it all
will be but a little later